#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
anyio==3.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==22.2.0
    # via jsonschema
babel==2.11.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via nbconvert
bleach==5.0.1
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.0.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via lazypredict
cloudpickle==2.2.0
    # via shap
comm==0.1.2
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.0.7
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.5
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.4
    # via jupyter-client
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via nbformat
fonttools==4.38.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
ipykernel==6.20.2
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.8.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
joblib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   lazypredict
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.9.11
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==7.4.9
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.4.4
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.1.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==3.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.19.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.5
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
lazypredict==0.2.12
    # via -r requirements.in
lightgbm==3.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lazypredict
llvmlite==0.39.1
    # via numba
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.6.3
    # via -r requirements.in
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==2.0.4
    # via nbconvert
nbclassic==0.4.8
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
nbclient==0.7.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.8
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.7.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
notebook==6.5.2
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyterlab
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via nbclassic
numba==0.56.4
    # via shap
numpy==1.23.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   lightgbm
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   shap
    #   xgboost
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtpy
    #   shap
pandas==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lazypredict
    #   shap
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.4.0
    # via matplotlib
platformdirs==2.6.2
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.36
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.9.4
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyeasyga==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.14.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.4
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==25.0.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.4.0
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.3.0
    # via qtconsole
requests==2.28.2
    # via jupyterlab-server
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
scikit-learn==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lazypredict
    #   lightgbm
    #   shap
scipy==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lightgbm
    #   scikit-learn
    #   shap
    #   xgboost
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
shap==0.41.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   pyeasyga
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
slicer==0.0.7
    # via shap
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via jupyterlab
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.64.1
    # via
    #   lazypredict
    #   shap
traitlets==5.8.1
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.14
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.12
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.4.2
    # via jupyter-server
wheel==0.38.4
    # via lightgbm
widgetsnbextension==4.0.5
    # via ipywidgets
xgboost==1.7.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lazypredict

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
